!victim! was strangled with a noodle by !killer!
!killer! pickled !victim! alive
!killer! hugged !victim! to death
!killer! tied an extra long bungie rope to !victim!, then tossed !victim! of the top of the UNSW Library
!killer! beat !victim! to death with a bottle of fish sauce
!killer! considered poisoning !victim! but just fed them late afternoon union food
!killer! spaded !victim! to death
!killer! fed !victim! to a flock of starving college students
!killer! crumpled !victim! under a pile of law textbooks 
!killer! gave !victim! love and war to read and !victim! died of old age
!killer! stole !victim!'s brain for later use
!killer! poisoned !victim! by feeding them left over Yum-cha
!killer! flattened !victim! with stale kegs of beer
!killer! over fed !victim! sausages at a CSESoc BBQ
!killer! pushed !victim! out of the mysterious doors on the 14th floor of the library
!killer! took !victim! to the mysterious university club and he was never seen again
!killer! handed !victim! a bomb in an apple cake
!victim! was offered a "ride" in !killer!'s car home, is now missing and presumed dead.
!killer! fed !victim! left over college food
!killer! used !victim! as a dart board
!victim! was made to do a on the spot practical exam by !killer! and didn't make it through
!killer! took !victim! to the top of a mountain, giving him a copper nose ring and a sword, stood him in a copper bathtub and made them scream "all gods are bastards!"
!killer! gave !victim! two free tickets for a ride on the titanic
!killer! thwacked !victim! with a clue, it was a mess
!victim! saw !killer! and died with fright
!killer! brainwashed !victim! into believing he was Bill Gates and pointed him to the Linux support office
!victim! was unfortunately chopped in half by !killer! during a impromptu magic trick
!killer! murdered !victim!, more disgusting details on the 6pm news :|
!killer! electrocuted !victim! with a mini MP3 player
!killer! annoyed !victim! to death with mobile phone rings
!victim! found dead after a rumoured clandestine meeting with !killer!
!killer! and !victim! went out for dinner together, !victim! died of poison.
!killer! follows !victim! into the kitchen and clubs !victim! with a lead pipe.
!killer! puts excessive horse tranquilsers in !victim!'s drink
!killer! gives !victim! doctored estacy pills and !victim! dies on the dance floor.
!killer! attempted to remove leeches from !victim!'s feet using tweezers. !victim! didn't make it.
!victim! was pushed in front of one of those maniac buses on anzac parade by !killer!
!victim! was pwned by !killer!'s panzerfaust
!killer! FFE'd on !victim!'s position
!victim! was killed by !killer!'s landmine
!victim! was knifed by the covert !killer!
!victim! was exploded by !killer!'s dynamite
!victim! was snipped by !killer!'s garand
!killer! sent !victim! to /dev/null
!victim! was ironed by !killer!'s HOT stolen Holden Astra Classic 
!victim! ear drums wear blown away by the grunt of !killer!'s stolen Toyota Corolla 
!victim! was blinded and smashed by !killer!'s shiny Subaru Impreza
!killer! dropped an anvil on !victim!
!killer! used a time machine to travel to the Middle Ages causing !victim!'s head to reform inside their ^_^...
!killer! burnt !victim! with him flamethrower
!killer! shot !victim! with an assault rilfe
!killer! shot !victim! with a semi-automatic hand granade, wat the?
!killer! came out ahead against !victim!in the 1vs1 sniper challenge
!victim! was shot out a cannon into a brick wall by !killer!
!killer! stuffed a flamethrower up !victim!'s ^_^ and turned it on
OMG !killer! killed Kenny, or was it !victim!, well both are dead now
!victim! could not handle the constant n00b questions of !killer! and commited suicide
!victim! was overwhelmed with the l33t speak of !killer! and commited suicide
!victim! was bored to death by !killer!'s code style guide
!victim! was confused to death by !killer! 
!victim! found the password to the murder system and was burnt alive by both the admin and !killer!
!killer! hacked weill to get extra disk quota and blamed !victim!, and so !victim! was hung by ss
!victim! was frozen in oud by !killer!
!victim! was cooked alive in moog by !killer!
!victim!'s ear drums were blown by !killer!'s stolen Hyundai Getz and its beasty subwoofer
!killer! unleashed the ultimate 'yo mum' joke on !victim!
!killer! became a zombie just for the pleasure of devouring !victim! himself
!killer! caught !victim! wearing womens clothing...and liking it...then a can of whoopass opened
!killer! dereferenced a NULL pointer in !victims! brain
!victim! was incased in glue then peeled by !killer!
!victim! was deep fryed by !killer! then served as an entree
!killer! beat !victim! to death with spare change
